Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/features/insights/asset-metadata.md

---

> description: Integrate asset metadata into Dagster+ Insights for custom metric aggregation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Create custom metrics from asset metadata to use Dagster+ Insights to perform historical aggregations on any data your assets can emit.
```
